anybody want some head so it's a nice
sunny day outside nice sunny Sunday at
noon and I'm stuck in here riding a six
or seven hundred word son of a bitch
and I just don't know what the hell I'm
gonna do about that so um let's go into
the top end off this engine and make a
video of it turn this off so you can't
plagiarize my son of a bitch this is a
Thomas or Thomas depending on how you
want to say it a 35 and you have a moped
it is 49 CC air-cooled two-stroke it is
it has pedal arms here there's one of
the kind of lines are the ones over
there take it off and the way this
mechanism works as you turn it you can
turn that as a bicycle we know forward
which just turns over this very worn
sprocket here which goes back and drive
to chain or if you could get backwards
it engages something engage the chain in
here which goes over to the crankshaft
and turns engine over so it's unique
among them up heads in that it's not
started by it doesn't have to change its
not started by the back wheels inertia
it started by it and I'm little
mechanism a house here so I'm going to
take off this little son of a bitch here
this little cover if there were on the
bike it would have a line going to it
another line coming out and that's fit
underneath here is where the oil pump
goes of course that being said it if
you'd like that if it weren't on my bike
I I don't know approve of the oil
injection because all injection mixes at
50 to 1 and I don't think do you want is
enough and they're known to break this
promise is sucking ass big times yeah
buddy
so I'm going to have to take this son of
a bitch out here
there we go she did a little little gear
driving the crankshaft that it would be
open on my booth I took now yes I'll go
ahead and take off the top and that's
just sitting there loosely this is a
high compared because I'll have you see
it it's got a high comp at on it and
standard four and on my other engine the
ones on the bike has a factory head and
a big for the reason I don't used to
hike on head on my good bike is because
I've seized it twice and I decided that
it the excess power is not worth
accidentally seizing it so go ahead and
pop the head off there it's just loops
up slide it off there you can see this
is a very high compression head the
combustion chamber is quite small
there's the board there's no piston on
this so you can see if I take off this
port
there we go yeah so you see down there
there's a very worn out crank you can
see there one of the bitches on it
that's little rusty it's been sitting
out and the other is that connecting rod
let me show you got one here's big
Booker's Tim the factory Christian still
got the new roller bearing everything in
it you can see it's what if you talked
this came out of a running bike
so on this side of it you're gonna have
your stator and your points this is a
points engines hold the cd-i ones with a
second same you can't even tell the
difference on this side there is a
crankshaft goes to a duel since your
full clutch thing which runs in oil
- electrical son of a bitch is one of
which goes to the coil and rush to the
lights and the horn and all that good
stuff here's the cylinder here no base
casket although it would have been but
it's gone in take that little some of
the bitches where the the oil line goes
in and you just block that off with a
bowl so yeah exhaust exhaust port here
this is ready stripped on that one
that's missing the other stud and you
can see the boar is really just digs I'm
not sure if you can see that here it's
worn the but like I said this was I
riding a bike at one time didn't seize
anything I just took it apart because I
put the big bore on it and I had this
Ottoman lying around
bitch
come on you there we go
here go ahead and that up and put
the push the connecting rod back there
she goes ahead back on back home and
there we go we have at Thomas 8:35 and
Jim is similar and I have to get back to
my stupid eyes friggin pay for that I
all right Cheers